 
Welcome to Wikipedia, 
the free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. 
6,250,278 articles in English 
 
The arts 
Biography 
Geography 
History 
Mathematics 
Science 
Society 
Technology 
All portals 
 
From today's featured article 
Sunda colugo, a living relative of Dermotherium 
Sunda colugo, a living 
relative of Dermotherium 
 
Dermotherium is a genus of fossil mammals closely related to the living colugos, a small group of gliding mammals from Southeast Asia. The two species are known from Thailand; D. major from the late Eocene, based on a fragment of the lower jaw, and D. chimaera from the late Oligocene from three jaw fragments and two molars. Another upper molar from the early Oligocene of Pakistan may be from a putative D. chimaera. The animals probably lived in forested environments, like living colugos, but whether they could glide is unknown. The fossil teeth differ from those of living colugo species (example pictured), and they lack their comblike dental features involving the lower incisors, canines, and third premolars. The fossil species differ from each other in their tooth structure. The front part of the lower chewing teeth, the trigonid, is broader in D. chimaera than in D. major. (Full article) 
Recently featured: 
 
Silesian Wars M113 armoured personnel carriers in Australian service Saturn (magazine) 
 
Archive By email More featured articles 
 
Did you know 
 
that the newly described Rice's whale (example pictured) is one of the most endangered cetaceans, with fewer than 50 adult individuals believed to remain? 
that British Columbia's oldest practicing lawyer, Canadian Constance Isherwood, who died at 101, closed her last case hours before her death? 
that the Babakale Castle supplied water to the Ottoman Navy before the fleet set sail on campaigns? 
that Dorothee Manski, a soprano of the Berlin Court Opera, gave 335 performances at the Metropolitan Opera after being invited to appear there as the Witch in Humperdinck's Hänsel und Gretel in 1927? 
that Willa Cather's final story, The Best Years, contains references to her previously published novels? 
that ballerina Merrill Ashley is one of the last dancers to have worked with choreographer George Balanchine? 
that due to the COVID-19 pandemic in the UK the entire 2021 Netball Superleague season is being hosted at just two venues? 
that a 9-metre tall (30 ft) Malt Shovel in Burton upon Trent might actually be a scoop? 
 
Archive Start a new article Nominate an article 
 
 
In the news 
Carlos Menem in 1995 
Carlos Menem in 1995 
 
Former President of Argentina Carlos Menem (pictured) dies at the age of 90. 
Former President Donald Trump is acquitted by the United States Senate in his second impeachment trial. 
Mario Draghi becomes Prime Minister of Italy, leading a national unity government after the resignation of Giuseppe Conte. 
The spacecraft Hope, from the United Arab Emirates, and Tianwen-1, from China, separately reach Mars orbit. 
 
Ongoing: 
 
COVID-19 pandemic Myanmar protests 
 
Recent deaths: 
 
James Ridgeway Rupert Neve S. Prestley Blake J. Hillis Miller Milford Graves Lynn Stalmaster 
 
Nominate an article 
 
On this day 
 
February 16: Shrove Tuesday / Mardi Gras (Western Christianity, 2021); Day of the Shining Star in North Korea; Elizabeth Peratrovich Day in Alaska 
Act of Independence of Lithuania 
 
1249 – Louis IX of France dispatched André de Longjumeau as his ambassador to the Mongol Empire. 
1918 – The Council of Lithuania signed the Act of Independence (pictured), proclaiming the restoration of an independent Lithuania. 
1936 – The Popular Front, a coalition of left-wing parties, came to power in the Spanish general election, precipitating the Spanish Civil War five months later. 
1961 – The DuSable Museum, the first museum dedicated to the study and conservation of African American history, culture, and art, was chartered. 
1996 – Eleven people died in a train collision in Silver Spring, Maryland, leading to the creation of comprehensive U.S. federal rules for the design of passenger cars. 
 
Mary the Younger The Weeknd Mary Amdur 
 
More anniversaries: 
 
February 15 February 16 February 17 
 
Archive By email List of days of the year 
 
Today's featured picture 
Rosalind Pitt-Rivers 	 
 
Rosalind Pitt-Rivers (4 March 1907 – 14 January 1990) was a British biochemist, whose research focused mainly on the thyroid gland. In 1954, she was elected a fellow of the Royal Society. She was made a fellow of Bedford College, London, in 1973, an honorary fellow of the Royal Society of Medicine in 1983, and an honorary fellow of the Royal College of Physicians in 1986. 
 
Photograph credit: National Institute for Medical Research; restored by Adam Cuerden 
Recently featured: 
 
Wat Xieng Thong Jupiter and Io White-throated kingfisher 
 
Archive More featured pictures 
 
Other areas of Wikipedia 
 
Community portal – Bulletin board, projects, resources and activities covering a wide range of Wikipedia areas. 
Help desk – Ask questions about using Wikipedia. 
Local embassy – For Wikipedia-related communication in languages other than English. 
Reference desk – Serving as virtual librarians, Wikipedia volunteers tackle your questions on a wide range of subjects. 
Site news – Announcements, updates, articles and press releases on Wikipedia and the Wikimedia Foundation. 
Village pump – For discussions about Wikipedia itself, including areas for technical issues and policies. 
 
Wikipedia's sister projects 
 
Box-drawing characters, also known as line-drawing characters, are a form of semigraphics widely used in text user interfaces to draw various geometric frames and boxes. Box-drawing characters typically only work well with monospaced fonts. In graphical user interfaces, these characters are much less useful as it is more simple and appropriate to draw lines and rectangles directly with graphical APIs. However, they are still useful for command-line interfaces and plaintext comments within source code. 
 
Used along with box-drawing characters are block elements, shade characters, and terminal graphic characters. These can be used for filling regions of the screen and portraying drop shadows. 
Contents 
 
1 Encodings 
1.1 Unicode 
1.2 DOS 
1.3 Unix, CP/M, BBS 
1.4 Historical 
1.5 Character code 
2 Examples 
3 See also 
4 References 
 
Unicode 
Unicode includes 128 such characters in the Box Drawing block. In many Unicode fonts only the subset that is also available in the IBM PC character set (see below) will exist, due to it being defined as part of the WGL4 character set.  
Box Drawing 
Official Unicode Consortium code chart (PDF) 
 
Notes 
 
1.^ As of Unicode version 13.0
